a couple of things before we play 220
you um you know most comments get on
stage and they do it in one language you
do it for languages for languages you
have it depends on where yeah so you
know most most of the time it's in
English but then you know I've had
French in Quebec and then we're starting
France next week next week next year
it's pretty ambitious but next year and
then in Hindi and Punjabi all over in
the end and sometimes I have these
specialty shows in Canada in the states
where Hindi and Punjabi promoters want
me to do it in that language is the
crowd more receptive or less receptive
Lee uh no they're just as receptive it's
just a different language you do comics
have to go through the same thing well I
know that they have to you know you
booked into corporate gigs and end up in
weird rooms and rock bands always have
stories of being in the weirdest room
did you ever showing up me like where am
i doing this yeah I've had this one gig
where it was sold to me as a corporate
gig and do you think you're going like
accountants or something exactly yeah
and and it was myself and my opening act
at least touch upon de from from Malawi
he's an African guy
and he's actually from Malawi so he
still has that African accent and he has
his high-pitched voice so we land there
we go to the to the gig we think it's a
corporate and all of a sudden all these
guys start filing in and they're all
like buff built tattoos piercings and
you start going I don't know about this
like and then we figure it out slowly as
everybody started coming in but it was
pretty much a gang and then and then I
think the least is just like do you
think is what kind of company
and we got through it but they were
amazing and so I like Hells Angels like
a biking I don't know what it was I
don't want to say I'm just saying I
thought it was a gang and I started
asking I was like what kind of business
are you guys in
and then you know it was all ethnic guys
yeah and then this one white guy in a
suit walks in I go oh and here comes the
lawyer and then everybody started
laughing hey how did he guess Sam
greatest stand-up comic ever Oh Eddie
Murphy worst thing about being a
stand-up no applause oh I got right
there okay what's the first word that
pops into your head when you think of
Canada Oh kind America Oh powerful who
would win a beauty contest between us
Stephen Harper or Michael Ignatieff oh
no Stephen Harper
Sugar Ray the band or Sugar Ray Leonard
Sugar Ray Leonard good answer by the way
would you rather die by being tickled to
death or smothered in hugs Oh smothered
in hugs what's your favorite water sport
careful how you answer that Oh water
polo well okay the answer best thing
about being East Indian oh the food
greatest thing about Grayson at Quebec
has given the world French Oh was your
favorite Montreal Canadian a Matson
Aslan I love that guy yeah what's that
Matt's for us was growing up I mean
that's what represented us well because
Matt's was the first like European
player to come in to get too much
volcanion Zach that was a big deal yes
and he thrived and was the last guy to
get a hundred points for lunch oh god he
was so good why are you having this
Dubai tower or CN tower CN tower slum
dog or Snoop Dog Slumdog
what's India's national sport oh it is
field hockey you are correct
what does Canada's national sport
lacrosse Taj Mahal or Massey Hall Oh Taj
Mahal favorite restaurant in Montreal Oh
favorite restaurant man Charlie get he
add Farhat it's a sandwich place on kodi
neeya street they don't rocket rashard
or rocket Robin Hood rocket Rashard
that's a good answer because there'd be
a ride if you said anything
what um which Canadian city should get
an NHL franchise that doesn't already
have one Quebec Nordiques oh you say
they should come back yes that rivalry
between the Canadiens in the new
Nordiques was the best rivalry in
history I thought it was a Montrealer
you're gonna say the city that deserves
an NHL franchise that doesn't have one
currently is Toronto you're plainly
tomorrow that you're in Winnipeg right
tomorrow night I'm in Winnipeg and then
continue on all the way it's a Victoria
you just did your first tour of the East
Coast right yeah first time in the East
Coast was it like it was actually fun
and funny and a discovery for me because
I'd only done Halifax before that and
then you know visiting all these towns
and visiting Newfoundland for the first
time you know was was pretty special it
was pretty different yeah it's an
interesting place it is an interesting
place that accent the first time I heard
that and I'd never heard an accent like
it before that yeah I don't even want to
say it on me do you change your act
depending on where you go in the country
yeah I do I do because every province
has its own sort of culture and you know
cultural reference and cultural center
so you sort of you sort of you know
build around this especially is the host
of the tour you want to you want to be
able to bring that local material I
would do some research and you know kind
of bring them in show them what I've got
but also talk to them about my
perspective about them sure I'll bet
that goes over well what you open for
Chappell Chappell like I was amazing
look you know when you when you open for
someone who's your hero you know and you
know I have many of them in the stand-up
business when you open for someone who
you really admire you wanna you hope
that they're gonna be really good people
backstage and they're gonna be nice you
know you don't want your image of them
to change and I was so nervous before it
I met him and I was in my dressing room
just hanging out with my manager and
going should we go say hi or he's like
no I'm just chill just chill just just
hang out here he'll come and say hi came
in said hey what's up no entourage no
you know no bells and whistles around
him just what's up how's it going good
to have you on the show and was really
really generous towards a young guy
just starting out and it made me feel so
good I finished that show and at the end
of the show you know he was so happy
with me he doubled my pay and that yeah
that's like that just like that and that
made me an even bigger fan and I took
that money and bought everything he's
ever done on DVD and just you know kind
of I'll never forget that you know it's
not it's a very memorable moment in my
life it was the most nervous I've ever
been before show and the happiest I've
been after really good to have a show